CORE-1147 Add pipelines orchestrate binary (#1)
gruntwork-io/pipelines-orchestrate: README.md

# Pipelines Orchestrator GitHub Action

This GitHub Action, named "Pipelines Orchestrate," is designed to automate the orchestration of Terragrunt plan/apply/destroy jobs using the Gruntwork Pipelines infrastructure-as-code (IaC) deployment framework. This action helps determine which actions need to take place based on changes to a repository's Terraform or Terragrunt folders.

## Inputs

### `repository-path`

> The relative path to the infra-live code repository. This input is required.

Reviewer: Should we just `Defaults to "."`?

### `repository-url`

The GitHub URL for the repository. This input is required.

### `source-ref`

The commit to use as the basis against which a diff will be generated. This input is required.

### `target-ref`

The most recent commit. This input is required.

### `event-type`

The type of event that triggered the workflow. Choose between "push" (for direct pushes to the main branch) or "pr-synched-created" (for pull request synchronization/creation). This input is required.

### `pipelines-version`

> The version of the Pipelines CLI to be used (tag, SHA, or branch). This input is required.

Reviewer: Do we only support tags now that we're pulling down releases?

### `token`

> GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT) required for cloning the Pipelines repository. This input is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT) required for retrieving the pipelines binary. This input is required.
```
